Yes, I love you.
Thank you all for being here.
I really want to salute Khaled and his campaign, and everyone who works on the campaign,
and also Nadia, and all the Solidarity Movement in Berlin.
I want to say hi to Asha, we've known each other for many years, so it's good to see you again.
To be honest, my name is Mohamed, I'm Palestinian from Palestine,
I'm from Lebanon, I'm based in Belgium, I used to work in Greece, as Khaled mentioned,
as a refugee, and being involved with the Samidoun Political Prisoner Solidarity Network.
I'm following what's going on in Germany, since some years I've been visiting, I was never based here,
but I'm amazed since the last few years, we can see the role of the other alternative movement
is growing in Berlin, especially.
We know very well the history of Germany.
To the left, upside and down, thanks for Charlotte for the presentation.
She showed us the history of the Solidarity Movement with the Palestinian people,
and also between the Palestinian people and the oppressed people in Germany, historically.
I watched the radical Queer March a few weeks ago, it was very inspiring,
it was big inspiration for us when you see Palestine the central voice in this demonstration.
We are following, also, the Solidarity Movement.
movement with the refugees in Berlin and in Germany in general. We know that you are struggling
with a very harsh situation and also fighting against this repression from the system, but
at the same time you are trying to provide any kind of support, valuable and real support
to the refugee community. We see also the growing of the BDS movement under all of this
repression. We have Majid here and his friends, they are facing also, they have another legal
cases in the courts. Other Palestinians also from the community here in Berlin, they are
in the courts with different cases. Maybe Nadia can talk more about these issues. But
for us as Palestinians, when we have today a huge community in Germany and in Europe,
it's a new situation that we are living in. Today, if we account the Palestinians who
live in Germany, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, they are more than the Palestinians who are
living in Syria.
So we have a huge community today in Europe and we are part of the European society. I
mean, if they like it or they don't like it, we are here. And if also they are calling
for deportation for refugees and send them back, we will be very happy to do so. It will
be great if Germany will be able to push us back to Palestine, but in the same time we
will struggle together to keep the Syrian people and the Iraqi people and other communities
who don't want to go back.
And they have rights and they will struggle for their right of protection. So we will
struggle on both fronts for our right to return and also for the right of people to remain
if this is their decision. But we are not planning to stay here. It's not our dream
to live in Germany, not because we don't like Germany. Germany is a very nice country, but
even the weather is different. We don't fit here. It's not our society. We will struggle
to integrate, but not to assimilate and not to lose our identity. We will struggle to
integrate and be part of the society to bring our identity to the German society, which
is that you are struggling for an alternative German society, not a white society. Today
I walk in Berlin and I see black people, and those black people are Germans. I don't think
this happened 50 years ago. It's different. Or 100 years ago, those people would be in
the Nazi, they would be better. So we are now also in a new Germany, a new role in this
social democratic movement. It's very important for us as Palestinians. We used to have here
freedom fighters. German freedom fighters who were struggling for the Palestinians.
We don't struggle only for our right to talk. We have our right to exist. And this is our
right. Even the UN, which we recognize as the most reactionary organization in the world,
gave us this right as a people. Especially the arms struggle. It's our right. Whether
we use it inside Palestine – we have the right to participate. We have the right to
right to use to protect ourselves against this occupation. I'm not talking about a normal
state. We don't recognize Israel as a normal state. For me, as a Palestinian, I have full
right to not recognize Israel. Germany is asking every Palestinian to recognize Israel's
right to exist. I say Israel doesn't have any right to exist over my land. This is my
land. We are the Turkish. Israel has a right to exist over my village. And I don't have
a right to exist as a refugee in Germany. We have some thousands of Palestinians here
and undocumented. We don't talk about them. Yes, Germany is giving every Syrian for political
reasons or whatever. Sometimes we give them a right of protection. But they are not giving
the Palestinians from Lebanon, for example, for political reasons. Also, this is the duty
for the movement here. Because if Germany is complicit in our blood, this means that
you have a duty as a German citizen.
Otherwise, we are complicit as well as a citizen. So it's not like, oh, yes, we have
to be in solidarity with the Palestinian people because they are nice people, because they
are good people, and they make good food. This is very nice, but also because we are
dying on a daily basis. Israel today is killing children, assassinating them on the streets
of Palestine. During we were participating in armed struggle, practicing armed struggle,
this never happened. Thirty years ago, Israel would never kill children's walk.
We were not able to do it because there was a Palestinian force who was ready and able
to protect those Palestinians everywhere. So we have our right also to build our movement
to protect ourselves. And Germany, with Europe, have no right to repress us about this because
they are complicit as a colonial power. We don't forget this history and start dealing
with Germany and, oh, nice, Mama Merkel giving refugees ID cards and recognizing them, so
that's why we have to be thankful for Germany.
Nowhere.
We are not thankful for Germany. We are refugees since 71 years, from 1948, because Germany
was part of this. And also, for example, here, very sensitive to talk about anti-Semitism.
Right? How come we are anti-Semitism? We are the Samite people. We are the Arabs and the
Palestinians. We are the Samite people. A Jewish person who became a Jewish from Vancouver
or Berlin will call me an anti-Semite person?
A white guy from Dortmund. He's a Samite? How come? Genetically, we are the same world.
We are Samite. Imagine 200% is Samite. But not white people. Who is our settlers today
in Palestine? From where they come from? So if it happened last week, a Jewish settler
or an Israeli soldier will kill two children in Palestine, and at the same time, they have
a German nationality.
Will he be accused here as a terrorist? Of course not. He will come to visit his family
and he will go back. Many students here, they finish when they are undergraduate, they go
back to Palestine. And they kill Palestinian people under the name of democracy, under
the name of protecting the Jewish people, under the name of struggling for a better
Israel. So this, I think, I believe that this gives you a very important role and duty as
well.
I think that the Palestinian people, as much as solidarity with Filipino people, as much
as solidarity with black people, with refugee people, it's duty in Germany. It's duty in
a colonial country with a colonial, decolonial history involved with very much heavy blood.
I live in Europe since 10 years. I don't believe that this wealth was built by taxes, by your
taxes. No. This is from Congo, this is from Africa, this is from Palestine. To take for
example, there is drilling in the Palestinian sea, in front of Haifa and Yaffa, and stealing
the Palestinian gas. Stealing our wealth. Who is benefiting from this? So this is our
wealth. So I should be thankful here if I am receiving 400 euros from the out-kill or
job center, you name it, and at the same time you pay for your transportation and gas and
having a perfect life. And we have to be thankful for 400 euros, but you are stealing our land,
our wealth, and everything we have. So this is our wealth. This is our life. This is our
wealth. This is our life. This is our life. This is our life. This is our life. This is
the life that we have, and you are making us refugees. So struggling together in one
front. All different communities in Germany. I met with the Colombian comrade last week,
and he informed me about this network, bringing together white working-class Germans with
the Colombians, Filipinos, all national liberation movements who live here, people of color who
struggle together with the queer movement. All of this one, the one social movement in
Germany.
Palestine should be one of the first titles that we should struggle for,
not just because of the Palestinians, but because of our rights here in Germany,
and because to struggle for a different Germany and a different world.
Because I am not happy when our people in Palestine will view Germans as a racist and against Palestinians.
This is not what we are struggling for.
It's very easy to make a campaign in the Arab world and to educate people to be anti-white and anti-Germans
and anti-this society, that this society is helping Israel and helping our enemy and killing us.
The Zionists, they are doing this. The Zionists, they are good at this.
We are not struggling to be very similar to the Zionists.
We don't use the same tactics.
But at the same time, we are able and ready to pay everything to keep our voices up.
We will never shut up.
As Khaled mentioned, our role here will continue in Germany, in Belgium, everywhere where we are based.
We have a huge Palestinian community in the United States.
And they are suffering more than here.
Also, we have to recognize that if we are in solidarity with the Kurdish and the Palestinians,
also the fear that they are putting us in, we have to be notified about it.
Today in Palestine, children are going for seven years in jail because of throwing stones.
We don't have the same conditions here.
So also our level of confrontation with this state and with this system,
we have bigger space to play on and to move on.
We don't have the same conditions here.
We don't have the same conditions here.
We shouldn't limit ourselves just because they put our name somewhere in the media
or some stupid senator will publish a statement and say those are terrorist people.
If resistance and struggling for my right to go back to my home mean terrorism, I am a terrorist.
It's fine.
Twenty years ago, terrorism was a normal world.
Now what they are trying to do is to criminalize the Palestinians.
So we are not terrorists like the Kurdish comrades.
So they don't recognize them as a danger, terrorist organizations,
but they are a bunch of criminals.
That's why we don't hear about their cases because they are not political cases.
It's a criminal case.
And this is what they start to do with Palestinians.
You have some Palestinian refugees in Greece are in prison for a big sentence, many years,
because they are accused of being smugglers.
But they enter to Greece as refugees.
But who talk about them?
Who care about them?
This happened when Syriza was in the government, when the far left wing,
the far right wing party was ruling in the state.
So being in solidarity with Palestinian people, and for us being in solidarity as a Palestinian with a queer movement,
with all oppressed communities, it's a duty and it's not about a choice and it's not something that we just we like to do.
This is our duty in order to protect ourselves, our movement, and our right to exist.
And in the end, also, Israel has zero right to exist over our land.
Those people who are staying in Zor-el-Alai,
and in different social houses provided by the German government,
this should be replaced in their original villages where they are as indigenous come from.
And the Israelis who own second and different nationalities, they are free to go back home where there is their homes.
Yes, I super agree with what Comrade Khaled mentioned, that also as we are struggling for liberation,
so we are struggling also for liberation for the Palestinians, to liberate the Palestinian people and our society as well,
and to liberate the Palestinian people and our society as well, and to liberate the Palestinian people and our society as well,
and to liberate the Palestinian people and our society as well,
and to give them the freedom to live together, whatever our religion, Jewish, Muslim, Palestinians, non-Palestinians, Arabs, non-Arabs...
the resistance movement of Palestine develop for sure.
We are facing some difficulties, but with the resistance in Gaza with the starting of the Palestinian people,
the refugee left in Lebanon, in Jerusalem, in West Bank in 1948,
all of these Palestinian communities all around the world for sure,
within our practice and within our history,
within our history, just keep moving forward.
within our history, just keep moving forward.
Thank you, Comrade Khaled, thank you.
that we learned a lot in our struggle, even more than our political organizations.
Today the Palestinian people are further more up than the Palestinian political organizations,
even the far-left organizations, than the progressive forces.
They are trying to keep up with the voice of the Palestinian people.
With these Palestinian communities, we will sure come up with a liberation project
that can be the alternative of any colonial, settler state like Canada, Australia, New Zealand.
We will not accept these examples in the Middle East.
Thank you very much.
